who escaped no
was killed in Malaysia number two was
murdered in England
number three was hunted down in Kenya
you can only be killed in sequence one
number 75 number four I'm next I've been
on the run since I can remember you keep
your head down I know how to blend in
you're gonna do out here Oh John Smith
okay you don't already
what's this seems like you want to run
away I just kind of private actually
meant of all the places i think this is
a pretty good place
we were given these powers for a reason
as you focus you're gonna learn to
control
they're here we release the born there's
a hell of a lot more coming
I'm not gonna let anyone are you
I'm not leaving
you can stuff
dad Wednesday
you have no idea how many have made
sacrifices so you could live
you we are all gonna die
who are you number six you're more
powerful together
you have no idea what I'm capable
you